A while ago, I bought this 100% cashmere Ralph Lauren Purple Label topcoat made on Savile Row. It was probably a $10,000 coat at full retail — $10,000! — and I picked it up on eBay for $300. And it was pristine when it arrived to me because the person who bought it — someone who probably bought it decades ago — may have thought, “I can’t wear this $10,000 coat.” So the coat sits in their closet for years until they decide to do a cleanout. At that point, it winds up on my eBay search, and I get a chance to buy it. Now I get to wear the hell out of it because I only spent $300 on this. And I get to wear it how it was intended to be worn, or with jeans and a t-shirt because I like that tension between high and low. I feel OK doing that because of how much I spent on this. If I ever spent $10,000 on a coat — which I could never afford to do — it would also sit in my closet forever. I’d be like, “oh my gosh, I was out at five, and someone bumped a cigarette against it, or someone got ketchup on it.” It’s like that episode of Seinfeld where Jerry buys a new suede jacket and is too worried about getting it wet in the rain. When you shop second-hand, you get to explore your taste a little more freely and easily. You can do it in a more thoughtful, considerate, and environmentally friendly way. It’s sustainable because you’re giving these products a new life. It’s the same with cars. I have this small, older sports car. If I had bought that car new, I would have been scared to drive it. But instead, I bought it from an older gentleman and his wife, who loved it and put 30,000 miles on it over the course of 14 years. Now I get to give it a second life. Since I bought it at a reasonable price, I get to drive this thing like it was meant to be driven. Sometimes people buy things for bragging rights, or they wait so long to attain something, they’re afraid actually to use the item. They don’t want to do anything that might damage it. But in the second or third lives of these things, that’s when you really get to use these things in the ways they’re meant to be used. And that’s what the soul in these pieces wants. I genuinely believe there’s a soul in these items. There may be a team of six or seven craftspeople involved in making a jacket on Savile Row, or a line of autoworkers at a car factory. There’s a bit of their soul in those products — some of their energy. When you buy beautiful things second, third, or fourth hand, that’s when you can use things the way they desire to be used.

Source: Aaron Levine on Retailing, Instagram, and Thrifting – Put This On — https://putthison.com/aaron-levine-on-retailing-instagram-and-thrifting/