I don't currently have a hospital bed. I have a modest but very comfortable regular bed in a regular bedroom where I sleep with my regular
wife. She's my favorite part of the bed.
To my knowledge, our modest but very comfortable bed is not fitted with a shitty little crank. Which is nice for everyone.
And, every single morning at almost exactly 6:00 AM Pacific Time, my three-year-old daughter wakes up, jumps out of her crank-free,
regular, big-girl bed, tears out of her regular bedroom, and--even before she gets her hot milk or takes off her pull-up or tells us to turn on
Toy Story 2--she dashes into our regular bedroom, runs up to our regular non-hospital bed, and screams, "DAD-dy! DAD-dy! DAD-dy!"
until I wake up and say, "G'mornin', Sweet Bug! Did you have nice sleeps?"
Sometimes she tells me whether or not she had nice sleeps. Often as not lately, she tells me to make her hot milk and turn on Toy Story
2. Both of which I'm totally fine with.
Thing is, she screams "DAD-dy!" like the most impossibly great thing in the world has just happened. Every single morning. Right by my
bed. Without a crank in sight.
And, you know what? Something impossibly great has happened.
Because an annoying, rambling, disagreeable little man like me gets to have this alarm clock in piggy-patterned footie jammies run up to
a regular, crank-less, healthy-Dad, non-hospital bed and make him feel like he's The Greatest Thing in the Universe.
Just like I think she's The Greatest Thing in the Universe.
Just like I thought my Dad was The Greatest Thing in the Universe.
And, although I'm confident that I will always think my daughter is The Greatest Thing in the Universe, I'm also all too aware that this
feeling will not always be reciprocated in quite that same way or with quite that same enthusiasm that we both enjoy right now.
She won't always run to my bed in footie jammies.
I'll only get that particularly noisy and personalized wake-up call for a little while. And, I only get a shot at it once a day. At almost exactly
6:00 AM Pacific Time.
Then one day? I won't get it any more. It will be gone.

- Merlin Mann