I have recently abandoned all organized religion while my husband is still an active member of our church.

Sounds to me like the throw the baby out with the bathwater syndrome. You sudently have a new identity, and have an itch to throw away ALL of your old life, both good and bad.
You are 24, you did not lose your youth. Instead of taking your frustrations out on the people who actually care about you, and matter in your life, why don't you try to get what you want, without throwing everything away. Basically, you can be in the same situation, and see your life in a position of great advantage.
I envy you. You got it all without having to waste your time going through soul sucking shitty relationships,time and money wasted in bars trying to fit some stereotype, and had a kid that you're closer in age which you can now explore life full of energy. And no debt. Are you fucking kidding me? What you need is not to run away,but to rediscover what you have.

I feel so trapped...more time as a single young woman...discover myself before settling down...tying me down...fantasize about running away

Break down your frustration into something concrete. You are building up an emotional clusterfuck monster, when instead you should think logically and break it down into manageable desires. You are also setting up dichotomies which do not have to happen.
Your choices in life are not live the young life, travel and then settle down and have kids VS settle down and have kids and never do any self discovery. Just stop this silly notion of self discovery then family life. Your life does not end with family life. I am in my late 20s, and I have traveled and self discovered, and if I settle down now, and have a family, I will NOT stop traveling, and discovering myself, and having fun. Only this fake black and white choice is making you miserable.
So let's see what you want:
● travel
You have WAY more opportunities to travel now, having money, and a secure home base than as a student with debt and shitty friends who might only consider visiting a city for its bars. You can and SHOULD travel. My parents traveled with me since I was 5-6 and it was a humbling mind warping experience. Family road trips! See Europe! Imagine how great it is to show the world to a tiny yet unformed human being, and share it with someone who gives a fuck about you.
● discover yourself
Life is self discovery. Get it out of your head that you cannot grow as a person now. In fact, young padawan, you are no where NEAR done with this process. Read voraciously. Immerse yourself in cultural experiences. Meet people from all walks of life. Meditate, write a diary, write letters to your child for when he is your age. Seriously.
● finish college
Go finish it. Take extra classes. Learn.
● not being tied down
This is just a matter of perception. One man's hand cuffs are another man's anchor in a stormy sea. Try to think on that.
● the single college life
You are probably fetishising this into some magical experience. It's not. Do you think it's an episode of Gossip girl? Mnope.
● depression
You have it. Please deal with it. It is warping your thoughts.
OBLIGATORY EDIT: Thank you annonymous golddonator, voters and dissenters alike. I hope my posts will forever strike a cord
